Chose this yesterday because we'd have a fun but tiring 4 hours at the Tower Of London and when we got off our bus back on The Strand....there is was at 1.30pm with empty tables in view. Lunch buffet is sadly only on weekdays...£7.50 for an adult and £3.99 for an under 12...she looks older but no one questioned us, which is always a good sign. Her refillable fizzy drink was only £1.70 I think...they do the drinks for you but one appeared by magic when her first was finished (okay not magic but by an observant waiter) and the 3rd came after the waiter asked if she'd like another. 3 big fizzy drinks for £1.70 in central London!! I got away without having a drink but unlimited fizzy drinks for an adult are only £2.35.The food? The pizzas on offer were very good and there were 5 different ones to choose from...we especially liked the veggie one. The pasta did look a bit sad (just two types) and I thought the veggie one of these was very bland, but the tomato and beef one was really tasty. Salad bar is unlimited help yourself too...good selection and all those salad sauces and crunchy bits...they now have tortilla crisps to go with these.Staff were smiley and pleasant. Toilets are a long way down two lots of stairs...always an ominous sign BUT they were clean and well kept. SO....one and a half hours later...we were so full we didn't need to eat again all day. It had never got mad busy in that time but that's a Thursday in term time. There is a large down stairs with tables and another buffet set up. We had thought about a Chinese buffet....the ones we saw were more expensive than this and I suspect drinks would have cost a lot more....also you tend to get thirsty for the rest of the day after a Chinese buffet.SO if you want a tasty, clean and cheap way of avoiding spending much on food and drink in London...this is it. We got by with taking a bread bun breakfast and our own drink in the morning and only needed a quick drink from a café before we got the late train home.£13.25 here for adult and child was our only food spending of the day.
